c:\users\immortel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Personnel\Personnel\bin\Debug\Personnel.exe.config
c:\users\immortel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Personnel\Personnel\bin\Debug\Personnel.exe
c:\users\immortel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Personnel\Personnel\bin\Debug\Personnel.pdb
c:\users\immortel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Personnel\Personnel\bin\Debug\Guna.UI.dll
c:\users\immortel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Personnel\Personnel\obj\Debug\Personnel.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\immortel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Personnel\Personnel\obj\Debug\Personnel.Form1.resources
c:\users\immortel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Personnel\Personnel\obj\Debug\Personnel.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\immortel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Personnel\Personnel\obj\Debug\Personnel.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\immortel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Personnel\Personnel\obj\Debug\Personnel.exe
c:\users\immortel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Personnel\Personnel\obj\Debug\Personnel.pdb
C:\Users\Immortel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Personnel\Personnel\obj\Debug\Personnel.dialogues.Service.resources
C:\Users\Immortel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Personnel\Personnel\obj\Debug\Personnel.Home.resources
C:\Users\Immortel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Personnel\Personnel\obj\Debug\Personnel.user.Agent.resources
C:\Users\Immortel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Personnel\Personnel\obj\Debug\Personnel.dialogues.Presence.resources
C:\Users\Immortel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Personnel\Personnel\obj\Debug\Personnel.user.Affecter.resources
C:\Users\Immortel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Personnel\Personnel\obj\Debug\Personnel.user.Parametre.resources
C:\Users\Immortel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Personnel\Personnel\obj\Debug\Personnel.dialogues.Utilisateur.resources
C:\Users\Immortel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Personnel\Personnel\obj\Debug\Personnel.dialogues.Attribution_fonction.resources
C:\Users\Immortel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Personnel\Personnel\obj\Debug\Personnel.user.Fonction.resources
C:\Users\Immortel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Personnel\Personnel\obj\Debug\Personnel.user.F_Rapport.resources
C:\Users\Immortel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Personnel\Personnel\bin\Debug\Bunifu_UI_v1.52.dll
C:\Users\Immortel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Personnel\Personnel\obj\Debug\Personnel.dialogues.FCarte.resources
